good morning this is Phil Annunziata
once again coming to you from sunny
Florida it's a beautiful morning here
bright sunny day beautiful temperatures
in the high 70s low 80s and a nice
breeze and today we're going to be
looking at the 1982 Grand Banks 36
Destinee beautiful little vote had the
same ownership for the last 13 years
only the third second or third owner of
the boat and today we'll just take a
quick look at her a walk through just so
those of you who are in here can get an
idea about her and maybe then take a
trip down here to take a look at it
she's Oliver Martin's work has
constantly kept up by the owner as you
can see just from her light boards alone
is in terrific condition the the rails
are all kept the gelcoat is in excellent
condition she has a beautiful transom
with teak carved teak name boards which
the owner is reserving they will not be
going to the phone the hard to see today
because the glare and the reflection
maybe if i zoom in a little bit you'll
get a better look at it
that's a little bit better a lot of Sun
right on the transom incident this boat
has about 4,000 hours on the layman
engines which is not a lot actually
because these engines have been known to
run most the 20,000 hours without any
major major upkeep and at 4,000 hours
they're just barely broken in fully
air-conditioned yacht
we'll take a quick walk up onto the
flying bridge canvas is not brand new
but it's relatively new and serves well
has a nice Bimini has a nice little
sailing thing puffin sailing ding with a
little outboard and then I have the
cover back so we can get a look at it
today
Bruno GPS chartplotter she has a
beautiful teak rimmed steering wheel the
radar and the GPS come down from come
come up they just move them up as you
can see her wheel is in terrific
condition and
this poultry is good
nice big deck and not on board at the
moment but sitting sit in the back
corner wired in is 12-volt freezer that
they utilize for their trips to the
Bahamas or any long-distance cruising
that they have done which they're not
going to be doing anymore
so they're changing boats simply because
they're quoting style is changing that's
the only reason for being offered for
sale now we'll come around and take a
look inside destiny
I'm looking you see there's a relatively
new refrigerator in there all the
upholstery has been redone she has a
very roomy salon something the 36s are
noted for and a roomy half cabin as well
this boat has the twin births in the
back the island pets didn't come into
the later newer votes for they're a
whole lot more money than this boat is
and plenty of drawer storage hanging
locker space a way to get out also for
to get air into the into the salon I
mean into the F cabin or to get right
out on the F deck if you chose you can
see that she's got newer upholstery a
typical beautiful grandly ran banks draw
please table and the lower helm with all
of its electronics
or would we go into a forward cabin with
hanging locker space drawers
maybe birth and its own head with shower
the Gally
has the original electric stove an oven
which works fine
and the said teas are done I'm trying to
give you a little bit better exposure
here too much light in here today from
that Sun for those of you caught in
anywhere where it's dreary today just be
a nice place to be well then you kind of
have it the interim space is also been
very properly kept you can see just from
the parquet floors are in terrific
condition all the interior varnish is
good the exterior varnish is all kept up
destiny grand banks 36 hull number
687 I don't know if any of you can read
that but the plaque is a board as it
should be on all Grand Banks it's won
awards at a Grand Banks owner's
rendezvous
so listen give me a call come on down if
this isn't the vote you're looking for I
probably know the one that you are and
where can work with you it's beautiful
down here in Florida call me nine four
one seven one eight zero zero seven six
and let's see what we can do to get you
in a boat Thanks you survived